docs: adapt samples and documentation for new codegen annotation (#748)
lightbend/akkaserverless-java-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/pages/views.adoc

include::example$scala-valueentity-customer-registry/src/main/proto/customer/domain/customer_domain.proto[tags=declarations;domain]
----

> As well as a Value Entity service that will produce the state changed consumed by the View:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as a Value Entity service that will produce the state changes consumed by the View:
```

include::example$scala-valueentity-customer-registry/src/main/proto/customer/view/customer_view.proto[tags=declarations;service]
----

<1> The protobuf option (akkaserverless.codegen) is specific to code-generation as provided by the Akka Serverless Maven plugin. This annotation indicates to the code-generation that a View must be generated.
<2> The `UpdateCustomer` method defines how Akka Serverless will update the view.

> <3> The source of the View is the `"customers"` Value Entity. This identifier is defined in the `entity_type: "customers"` property of the `(akkaserverless.file).value_entity` option in the `customer_domain.proto` file.

Reviewer: Should be `akkaserverless.codegen` option in `customer_api.proto` file?

```suggestion
<3> The source of the View is the `"customers"` Value Entity. This identifier is defined in the `entity_type: "customers"` property of the `(akkaserverless.codegen).value_entity` option in the `customer_api.proto` file.
```

----
include::example$java-eventsourced-customer-registry/src/main/proto/customer/view/customer_view.proto[tags=declarations;service-event-sourced]
----
<1> The `akkaserverless.codegen` option configures code generation to provide base classes and an initial implementation for the class transforming events to updates of the state.
<2> Define an update method for each event.

> <3> The source of the View is from the journal of the `"customers"` Event Sourced Entity. This identifier is defined in the entity_type: "customers"` property of the `(akkaserverless.file).event_sourced_entity` option in the `customer_domain.proto` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> The source of the View is from the journal of the `"customers"` Event Sourced Entity. This identifier is defined in the entity_type: "customers"` property of the `(akkaserverless.codegen).event_sourced_entity` option in the `customer_api.proto` file.
```
